always-reduce-path /dev/pts
always-reduce-path /tmp

high-reduce-path /proc
high-reduce-path /lib
high-reduce-path /usr/bin
high-reduce-path /usr/sbin
high-reduce-path /sbin
high-reduce-path /bin

dont-reduce-path /
dont-reduce-path /home
dont-reduce-path /dev
dont-reduce-path /usr
dont-reduce-path /var

protected-path /etc
protected-path /lib
protected-path /usr
protected-path /var

high-protected-path /etc/dropbear
high-protected-path /proc/kcore
high-protected-path /proc/sys
high-protected-path /proc/bus
high-protected-path /etc/passwd
high-protected-path /etc/shadow
high-protected-path /dev/mem
high-protected-path /dev/kmem
high-protected-path /dev/port
high-protected-path /etc/ppp/chap-secrets
high-protected-path /etc/ppp/pap-secrets

inherit-learn /etc/init.d
inherit-learn /etc/rc.d/init.d
inherit-learn /etc/rc.d/rcSlocal.d
